How to get the Hearts Client
	1. Download the "Game" folder from "github.com/cnspencer/hearts".

How to Run the Game
	1. Double-click on "CS2410-Hearts". (Forthcoming)
	2. The "Player Menu" should appear. Enter the server IP (#IPFORTHCOMING for a dedicated server).
	3. Enter your IP. Enter a unique name (i.e. two or more players cannot have a name "yo"). Press "submit".
		Players should coordinate to ensure only one player clicks the start button once everyone is ready.
		Use numbers and/or "bot" in your player name at your own risk.
	4. A new screen (called the "Game Window") should appear. The "Player Menu" can safely be closed if it is still opened.
	5. At the beginning of each round, each player chooses 3 cards to trade from his or her hand. The person the chosen cards go to is given by the "Instruction Text" to the right, above the "Submit Turn" button.
	6. When it is your turn, as designated by the "Instruction Text", click on a card to choose it. Press the "Submit Turn" button to confirm.
		NOTE: DO NOT press the "Submit Turn" button until it is your turn. Doing so will probably mess up the game and it may become unable to complete.
	7. After 4 rounds, the game is finished. The "Results Window" will display the players in order of score (where low is good).
	8. Close the windows. Connection to the server was terminated at the end of the game.
Additional Notes:
	1. It is recommended that many actions be done in the same order as connected in (i.e. Player #1 always submits his or her passing cards first, Player #2 second, etc.).

How to set up a Hearts Server
	1. Follow "How to get the Hearts Client" instructions
	2. Double-click on "HeartsServer" (Forthcoming)


Hearts Game Rules
	Passing Cards at the Beginning of the Round
		1. Round #1: each player passes 3 cards to the player to his or her left.
		2. Round #2: each player passes 3 cards to the player directly across from him or her.
		3. Round #3: each player passes 3 cards to the player to his or her right.
		4. Round #4: each player plays with the cards he or she is dealt; no card passing.
	Starting the Game
		1. The player with the Two of Clubs must play the Two of Clubs to begin the game.
	Per turn
		1. On a player's turn, he or she selects a card to play.
		2. If a player has a card of the suit first played, he or she is obliged to play a card of that suit.
			If a player does not have a card of the suit first played, he or she may play a card of any suit.
		3. When all players have put his or her card in, the hand goes to the player who played the highest card, as described in "Card Values".
		4. This player also start the next turn. Unless hearts have been broken or no other suit is in his or her hand, this player cannot start with a card of Hearts suit.
	Card Values
		1. Cards with a number (i.e. not face cards or ace) are its own number.
		2. Ace trumps King, which trumps Queen, which trumps Jack, which trumps 10, and so on.
	Card Scores
		1. Any card with the suit of Hearts is worth 1 point each.
		2. The Queen of Spades is worth 13 points.
	Shooting for the Moon
		1. If a player gets all 26 points in a round, his or her score becomes 0, and the other players each gain 26 points.
	Objective
		1. The winner has the least amount of points.


Technical Specifications
The server, by default, runs on port 5545.
The client, by default, runs on port 5544.
